Here are 10 potential book blurbs from different experts relevant to the topic:

1. "As a professor leading European research collaborations, I highly recommend this book. The strategies have helped my team secure major grants and accelerate discoveries." - Dr. Emma S., Professor of Engineering, École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne

2. "The chapter on assembling high-performing teams was especially insightful. I now lead one of the most prolific research groups at our institute!" - Dr. Juan S., Senior Researcher, Max Planck Institute 

3. "The advice on networking and communicating ideas helped me establish game-changing industry partnerships. My start-up is now scaling globally." - Dr. Marie C., Founder and CEO, MedTech Innovations

4. "As a new faculty member, this book guided me in building my research profile through impactful publications. I gained invaluable visibility and credibility." - Dr. Thomas K., Assistant Professor, University of Copenhagen

5. "The grant-writing tips helped me articulate an innovative research vision that secured millions in funding." - Dr. Sofia P., Principal Investigator, Foundation for Research and Technology Hellas

6. "This is my go-to resource before every Horizon proposal. I've become an expert in tailoring objectives and methodologies to maximize my chances." - Dr. Marco B., Project Manager, CNR National Research Council Italy

7. "The chapters on logic models and risk management helped me lead complex collaborative projects seamlessly." - Dr. Franz G., Coordinator, Fraunhofer Research Institution 

8. "As a research coordinator, I recommend this to my team. It has been invaluable in helping them develop leadership skills." - Dr. Ana L., Head of Department, Karolinska Institute

9. "After reading this book, I mastered the fellowships application process and earned prestigious awards accelerating my career." - Dr. Henri C., Postdoctoral Researcher, University of Oxford  

10. "The negotiation strategies empowered me to secure favorable startup packages in academia. I cannot overstate the value of this book!" - Dr. João S., Assistant Professor, University of Lisbon